# Gulpfile Demo for Compiling BootStrap-Sass

This is a demo of gulpfile to compile BootStrap-Sass Project.

## Installation

Here I will show the preparation of using this project.

### Install Node.js

Download from [Node.js](https://nodejs.org), then install it.

Then you'll be able to use `npm` command in terminal.

### Install Bower

Use `npm` to install bower globally.

```
npm install -g bower
```

### Install Gulp

Use `npm` to install gulp globally.

```
npm install -g gulp
```

### Download Project

```
git clone https://github.com/Germey/GulpBootStrapSass.git
cd GulpBootStrapSass
```

### Install Packages

Use `npm` and `bower` to install node packages and bower modules.

```
npm install 
bower intall
```

### Command

* gulp styles

Compile Sass source code of BootStrap, Out put to .tmp folder.

* gulp scripts

Output javascripts to .tmp folder.

* gulp html

Output html to dist folder. At the same time, it updates dependencies of CSS and JavaScript in HTML.

* gulp font

Select fonts to dist folder.

* gulp images

Minify images of source folder, output to dist folder.

* gulp serve

Open a serve of localhost using the port specified in file.

* gulp clean

Clean all files generated by gulp command.

* gulp wiredep

Update dependencies of CSS and JavaScript specified in bower.json to HTML.

* gulp lint

Update code styles of JavaScript.

* gulp bulid

Build all files, run all tasks.

* gulp

Default task is build, It works as gulp build.


## Chinese Tutorial

There is a tutorial of Chinese version.

### Chinese Tutorial

[Based on ES6 Using Gulp to Compile BootStrap-Sass Source Code](http://cuiqingcai.com/2906.html)








